# Alternate-Earth-World
This world diverges *(very unrealistically)* from our timeline at 2.5 billion years ago when the continent of [***Vaalbara***](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vaalbara) finished formation. In this world, the continents formed in a different way, with a different set of continental stresses, which form the basis of the new continental shelves that brought us to this point. Now for the unrealistic part, all earth evolution happened the same with the same evolution, but arranged in such a way that the species of our world evolve in ***EXACTLY THE SAME*** way as on earth. However, the second and only truly meaningful divergence from this timeline occurs around 150,000 years ago, when humans and their influence on the environments they encounter begin to affect their future history. This is going to be the official reason why, until I find a better scenario/idea to fill in the gap of the forever question of worldbuilding: "Why are there humans?"

The geopolitical situation of the world is very fragile and appears to be on the verge of collapse. Instability plagues this world's geopolitical landscape.
The Tsardom of Oxlightia fights its old rival, the Kingdom of Lostsia, which had suffered a severe defeat almost a century earlier when Karol the Great won the colonial war in Auresland against Lostsian colonial garrisons and permanently took the Lostsian holdings on the continent.

Elsewhere, the reborn Darkhan Empire attempts to subdue the women of its society, who, for a long time, held the top spot of the social hierarchy as high matriarchs of the goddess of the eastern sun, Nunduth. However, by a coup in the fragile Darkhan state by cultist elements of the Cult of Siradab, Nunduth's consort husband declared the goddess impure and her worship illegal. Ever since, the Darkhan people have spiralled into despair and hatred.

The most recent escalations of this hatred include the purported genocide of Berkh & Phong People within the Darkhan state, which forced the Ubang-Jusari & Yafat provinces to unilaterally declare their secession from the Darkhan confederate state, the beginning of Segeizian intervention in Darkhan State Affairs, along with the start of the Great War of National Destruction against the Grand Duchy of Morama.

Further east to the Darkhan Nightmare State, another great power has collapsed, the long-revered Grand Toprish Zhurakate. For decades before, the ruling dynasty had been weakened by a series of child emperors who were increasingly influenced by the imperial court, which eventually led to the dynasty's ousting and collapse. Out of the chaos of the collapse of one of the world's oldest civilisations came the warlord era, which persists to this day. Regional military warlords seized control of their local military district and, through violence, coercion, or both, managed to consolidate a swath of territory under their control, declaring themselves true successors to the former Zhurakate's dynasty.

South is the Keseki-Fungian conflict over ownership of the islands of the Crosutine & Xanthenine Oceans. Despite the two originating form the same state (The Darkhan Confederation) they both took wildly different paths. Keseki became a market democracy, and Fingia became an authoritarian, fundamentalist state that believes in its right to win the passages between the two oceans.

Further south, you have the split of the personal union of Longhia-Vallalur after the death of Queen Yuzai III. Due to her sudden death, she had no will, which left her two sons, Thorak and Zhyran, fighting over her mother's realm. They split both the country and the royal house in two, restoring the two separate houses of Longhia & Vallalur, with their realms being named through the same convention.

Westwards to the collapsed zhurakates, you have an active crusade going on. The metvinese crusade
